---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nscale_compute_cluster Data Source - nscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Nscale Compute Cluster
---

# nscale_compute_cluster (Data Source)

Nscale Compute Cluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) An unique identifier for the compute cluster.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The timestamp when the compute cluster was created.
- `description` (String) A description of the compute cluster.
- `name` (String) The name of the compute cluster.
- `provisioning_status` (String) The provisioning status of the compute cluster.
- `region_id` (String) The identifier of the region where the compute cluster is provisioned.
- `ssh_private_key` (String, Sensitive) The SSH private key for accessing the compute cluster.
- `workload_pool` (Block List) A pool of workload nodes in the compute cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--workload_pool))

<a id="nestedblock--workload_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload_pool`

Read-Only:

- `disk_size` (Number) The size of the boot disk for each VM in the workload pool, in GiB.
- `enable_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether to assign a public IP address to each VM in this workload pool.
- `firewall_rule` (Block List) A firewall rule to apply to the VMs in this workload pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--workload_pool--firewall_rule))
- `flavor_id` (String) The identifier of the flavor (machine type) used for the workload pool VMs.
- `image_id` (String) The identifier of the image used for initializing the boot disk of the workload pool VMs.
- `machine` (Block List) A machine in this workload pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--workload_pool--machine))
- `name` (String) The name of the workload pool.
- `replicas` (Number) The number of replicas (VMs) to provision in this workload pool.
- `user_data` (String) The data to pass to the VMs at boot time.

<a id="nestedblock--workload_pool--firewall_rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload_pool.firewall_rule`

Read-Only:

- `direction` (String) The direction of the traffic to which this firewall rule applies.
- `ports` (String) The ports to which this firewall rule applies. This can be a single port, or a range of ports.
- `prefixes` (Set of String) A set of CIDR prefixes to which this firewall rule applies.
- `protocol` (String) The IP protocol to which this firewall rule applies.


<a id="nestedblock--workload_pool--machine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload_pool.machine`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the machine.
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP address of the machine.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP address of the machine, if assigned.
