---
page_title: "Data Source: nscale_instance"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Nscale Instance
---

# Data Source: nscale_instance

Retrieves information about an existing instance by its unique identifier.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "nscale_instance" "example" {
  id = "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) An unique identifier for the instance.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The timestamp when the instance was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the instance.
- `flavor_id` (String) The identifier of the flavor used for the instance.
- `image_id` (String) The identifier of the image used for the instance.
- `name` (String) The name of the instance.
- `network_interface` (Block, Read-only) The network interface configuration of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network_interface))
- `power_state` (String) The power state of the instance.
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP address assigned to the instance.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP address assigned to the instance.
- `region_id` (String) The identifier of the region where the instance is provisioned.
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of tags assigned to the instance.
- `user_data` (String) The data to pass to the instance at boot time.

<a id="nestedblock--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_destinations` (List of String) A list of CIDR blocks that are allowed to egress from the instance without SNAT.
- `enable_public_ip` (Boolean) Indicates whether the instance has a public IP.
- `network_id` (String) The identifier of the network to where the instance is provisioned.
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) A list of security group identifiers associated with the instance.
