---
page_title: "Nscale: nscale_object_storage_endpoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Nscale Object Storage Endpoint
---

# Data Source: nscale_object_storage_endpoint

Retrieves information about an existing object storage endpoint by its unique identifier.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "nscale_object_storage_endpoint" "example" {
  id = "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the object storage endpoint.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The timestamp when the object storage endpoint was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the object storage endpoint.
- `endpoint_class_id` (String) The identifier of the endpoint class the endpoint was created with.
- `exposure` (Attributes) The externally reachable endpoints for the object storage endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exposure))
- `identity_policies` (Attributes List) Identity policies configured on the endpoint. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--identity_policies))
- `name` (String) The name of the object storage endpoint.
- `project_id` (String) The identifier of the project where the object storage endpoint is provisioned.
- `region_id` (String) The identifier of the region where the object storage endpoint is provisioned.
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of tags assigned to the object storage endpoint.

<a id="nestedatt--exposure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exposure`

Read-Only:

- `public` (Attributes) Connection details for the public exposure mode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exposure--public))

<a id="nestedatt--exposure--public"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exposure.public`

Read-Only:

- `dns_name` (String) The DNS hostname clients use to reach the endpoint over the public network.


<a id="nestedatt--identity_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_policies`

Read-Only:

- `document` (String) The identity policy document encoded as a JSON object string.
- `name` (String) The identity policy name.
