---
page_title: "Nscale: nscale_network"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Nscale Network
---

# Resource: nscale_network

Networks provide isolated connectivity boundaries for resources within a region. By default, networks include a route to
the internet with masquerading enabled. Networks require a minimum /24 CIDR range, with the top /25 reserved for storage
integration. Networks support custom DNS nameservers and additional routing configurations.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "nscale_region" "glo1" {
  id = "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX"
}

resource "nscale_network" "example" {
  name            = "example"
  cidr_block      = "192.168.0.0/24"
  dns_nameservers = ["8.8.8.8", "8.8.4.4"]
  region_id       = data.nscale_region.glo1.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cidr_block` (String) The CIDR block assigned to the network.
- `name` (String) The name of the network.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the network.
- `dns_nameservers` (List of String) A list of DNS nameservers to configure for the network.
- `region_id` (String) The identifier of the region where the network is provisioned. If not specified, this defaults to the region ID configured in the provider.
- `routes` (Attributes List) A list of routes for the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routes))
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of tags assigned to the network.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The timestamp when the network was created.
- `id` (String) An unique identifier for the network.

<a id="nestedatt--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes`

Required:

- `destination` (String) The destination CIDR block for the route.
- `nexthop` (String) The next-hop address for the route.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
