---
page_title: "Nscale: nscale_security_group"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Nscale Security Group
---

# Resource: nscale_security_group

Security groups act as virtual firewalls for resources, controlling inbound and outbound traffic. By default, security
groups allow all egress traffic while ingress traffic must be explicitly allowed through rules. Security groups are
attached to networks and can define rules based on protocol type (any, tcp, udp, icmp, vrrp), port ranges, and CIDR
blocks.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "nscale_region" "glo1" {
  id = "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX"
}

resource "nscale_network" "example" {
  name            = "example"
  cidr_block      = "192.168.0.0/24"
  dns_nameservers = ["8.8.8.8", "8.8.4.4"]
  region_id       = data.nscale_region.glo1.id
}

resource "nscale_security_group" "example" {
  name = "example"

  rules = [
    {
      type      = "ingress"
      protocol  = "tcp"
      from_port = 80
    }
  ]

  network_id = nscale_network.example.id
  region_id  = data.nscale_region.glo1.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the security group.
- `network_id` (String) The identifier of the network to where the security group is attached.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the security group.
- `region_id` (String) The identifier of the region where the security group is provisioned. If not specified, this defaults to the region ID configured in the provider.
- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for the security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `tags` (Map of String) A map of tags assigned to the security group.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The timestamp when the security group was created.
- `id` (String) An unique identifier for the security group.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) The protocol for the security group rule. Valid values are `any`, `tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`, or `vrrp`.
- `type` (String) The type of the security group rule. Valid values are `ingress` or `egress`.

Optional:

- `cidr_block` (String) The CIDR block for the security group rule. Default is `0.0.0.0/0`, which allows traffic from any IP address.
- `from_port` (Number) The starting port of the port range for the security group rule.
- `to_port` (Number) The ending port of the port range for the security group rule.
