---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nscale_compute_cluster Resource - nscale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Nscale Compute Cluster
---

# nscale_compute_cluster (Resource)

Nscale Compute Cluster



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the compute cluster.
- `region_id` (String) The identifier of the region where the compute cluster is provisioned.
- `workload_pools` (Attributes List) A list of pools of workload nodes in the compute cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload_pools))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the compute cluster.

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) The timestamp when the compute cluster was created.
- `id` (String) An unique identifier for the compute cluster.
- `provisioning_status` (String) The provisioning status of the compute cluster.
- `ssh_private_key` (String, Sensitive) The SSH private key for accessing the compute cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--workload_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload_pools`

Required:

- `flavor_id` (String) The identifier of the flavor (machine type) used for the workload pool VMs.
- `image_id` (String) The identifier of the image used for initializing the boot disk of the workload pool VMs.
- `name` (String) The name of the workload pool.
- `replicas` (Number) The number of replicas (VMs) to provision in this workload pool.

Optional:

- `disk_size` (Number) The size of the boot (root) disk for each VM in the workload pool, in GiB.
- `enable_public_ip` (Boolean) Whether to assign a public IP address to each VM in this workload pool. Default is `true`.
- `firewall_rules` (Attributes List) A list of firewall rules to apply to the VMs in this workload pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload_pools--firewall_rules))
- `user_data` (String) The data to pass to the VMs at boot time.

Read-Only:

- `machines` (Attributes List) A list of machines in this workload pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload_pools--machines))

<a id="nestedatt--workload_pools--firewall_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload_pools.firewall_rules`

Required:

- `ports` (String) The ports to which this firewall rule applies. This can be a single port, or a range of ports. For example: `22`, `80-443`.
- `prefixes` (Set of String) A set of CIDR prefixes to which this firewall rule applies.
- `protocol` (String) The IP protocol to which this firewall rule applies. Valid values are `tcp` or `udp`.

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The direction of the traffic to which this firewall rule applies. Default is `ingress`.


<a id="nestedatt--workload_pools--machines"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload_pools.machines`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the machine.
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP address of the machine.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP address of the machine, if assigned.
